Add docs about contributing to docs (#46481)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/community/how_can_I_help.rst

You can find the official :ref:`Ansible communication channels <communication>`.

Review, fix, and maintain the documentation
===========================================

> Typos are everywhere, even in the Ansible documentation. We work hard to keep the documentation up-to-date, but you may also find out-dated examples. We offer easy ways to :ref:`report and/or fix documentation errors <community_documentation_contributions>`.

Reviewer: "out-dated" should be "outdated" instead.
```suggestion
Typos are everywhere, even in the Ansible documentation. We work hard to keep the documentation up-to-date, but you may also find outdated examples. We offer easy ways to :ref:`report and/or fix documentation errors <community_documentation_contributions>`.
```
